All data and information is provided “as is” for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading purposes or financial, investment, tax, legal, accounting or other advice. Please consult your broker or financial representative to verify pricing before executing any trade. Google is not an investment adviser, financial adviser or a securities broker. None of the data and information constitutes investment advice nor an offering, recommendation or solicitation by Google to buy, sell or hold any security or financial product, and Google makes no representation (and has no opinion) regarding the advisability or suitability of any investment. None of the data and information constitutes investment advice (whether general or customized). The financial products or operations referred to in such data and information may not be suitable for your investment profile and investment objectives or expectations. It is your responsibility to consider whether any financial product or operation is suitable for you based on your interests, investment objectives, investment horizon and risk appetite. Google shall not be liable for any damages arising from any operations or investments in financial products referred to within. Google does not recommend using the data and information provided as the only basis for making any investment decision. Data is provided by financial exchanges and other content providers and may be delayed as specified by financial exchanges or other data providers. Google does not verify any data and disclaims any obligation to do so. Google, its data or content providers, the financial exchanges and each of their affiliates and business partners (A) expressly disclaim the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of any data and (B) shall not be liable for any errors, omissions or other defects in, delays or interruptions in such data, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Neither Google nor any of our information providers will be liable for any damages relating to your use of the information provided herein. As used here, “business partners” does not refer to an agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between Google and any such parties. You agree not to copy, modify, reformat, download, store, reproduce, reprocess, transmit or redistribute any data or information found herein or use any such data or information in a commercial enterprise without obtaining prior written consent. Either Google or its third party data or content providers have exclusive proprietary rights in the data and information provided. Please find all listed exchanges and indices covered by Google along with their respective time delays from the table above. Advertisements presented on Google Finance are solely the responsibility of the party from whom the ad originates. Neither Google nor any of its data licensors endorses or is responsible for the content of any advertisement or any goods or services offered therein. Google cannot guarantee the accuracy of the exchange rates displayed. You should confirm current rates before making any transactions that could be affected by changes in the exchange rates. NYSE, NYSE Arca LLC, and NYSE MKT LLC reserve all rights to the securities information that Google LLC makes available to you. You understand and acknowledge that such securities information does not reflect trading activity on markets other than NYSE, NYSE Arca, or NYSE MKT, as applicable, and are intended to provide you with a reference point only, rather than as a basis for making trading decisions. None of Google LLC, NYSE, NYSE Arca LLC, and NYSE MKT LLC guarantee such information nor shall any of them be liable for any loss due either to their negligence or to any cause beyond their reasonable control. Any redistribution of such information is strictly prohibited. S&P Global Market Intelligence provided by S&P Capital IQ. Copyright (c) 2020, S&P Capital IQ (and its affiliates, as applicable). All rights reserved. Copyright © 2020, S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved. S&P does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or availability of any information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause or for the results obtained from the use of such information. S&P, its affiliates and their third party suppliers disclaim any and all express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. S&P DJI Indices are not investment advice and a reference to a particular investment or security, a credit rating or any observation concerning a security or investment provided in S&P DJI Indices are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. In no event shall S&P be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity costs) in connection with your or others’ use of the S&P DJI Indices. To continue, please click the box below to let us know you're not a robot. Please make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy. For inquiries related to this message please contact our support team and provide the reference ID below. (Shutterstock) Bitcoin (BTC) held above $37,000 on Friday and was up about 3% over the past 24 hours. Meanwhile, some alternative cryptocurrencies began to stabilize after a volatile week. Analysts were also looking for signs of a possible bounce in equity markets, which could encourage crypto buying. So far, some traders appear to be on the sidelines in both traditional and crypto markets. The S&P 500 is roughly flat over the past week, compared with a 1% gain in BTC and a 3% drop in ETH over the same period. "Investors continue to withdraw from U.S. stocks amid the expected tightening of the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy," Alex Kuptsikevich, an analyst at FxPro, wrote in an email to CoinDesk. If selling continues, more investors could start to reduce their positions on risky assets, and cryptocurrencies may be hit first, according to Kuptsikevich. That means a short-term price bounce could be limited. Further, given macroeconomic headwinds, some analysts are concerned about a coming "crypto winter," similar to what occurred in 2017-2018. But it appears that winter is already here, especially given the nearly 40% drop in BTC from its all-time high of close to $69,000 in November. ●Bitcoin (BTC): $37696, +5.55% ●Ether (ETH): $2517, +7.51% ●S&P 500 daily close: $4432, +2.43% ●Gold: $1790 per troy ounce, −0.17% ●Ten-year Treasury yield daily close: 1.78% Bitcoin, ether and gold prices are taken at approximately 4pm New York time. Bitcoin is the CoinDesk Bitcoin Price Index (XBX); Ether is the CoinDesk Ether Price Index (ETX); Gold is the COMEX spot price. Information about CoinDesk Indices can be found at coindesk.com/indices. The recent underperformance in some altcoins and decentralized finance (DeFi) tokens indicates heightened risk in crypto markets. And when uncertainty is high, some traders tend to rotate into bitcoin, which is deemed to be less risky in the crypto market. CoinDesk DeFi Index is trending lower. (CoinDesk) The CoinDesk markets team has covered the sharp sell-offs across various tokens over the past two weeks, which could keep some crypto buyers on the sidelines. Here is a rundown of risks we identified. Tokens related to Wonderland developer plunged: In the past 24 hours, Popsicle Finance’s ICE fell as much as 22%, Wonderland’s TIME fell 15%, and Abracadabra’s SPELL dropped 15%. These are tokens created by Daniele Sestagalli, who gained a cult following in recent months thanks to his community-centric approach toward crypto projects. His protocols were worth billions of dollars at their peak, but those fortunes have since faded away, CoinDesk's Shaurya Malwa reported. A falling out between two startup projects on Cardano: On Wednesday, CoinDesk's Lyllah Ledesma wrote about the SundaeSwap debacle that left CardStarter users with steep losses. The conflict is between CardStarter, which describes itself as a "decentralized accelerator" for startup projects focused on Cardano, and SundaeSwap, a decentralized exchange built on the Cardano platform. And then, there's potential contagion risk in Terra's UST stablecoin: LUNA, Terra’s native token, was down as much as 10% during the past 24 hours due to yet another scandal. LUNA is on Abracadabra, a DeFi lending platform run by Sestagalli. LUNA was partly created for issuing stablecoins. The reserves of Terra-based lending and borrowing protocol Anchor, which offers a supposedly industry-beating benchmark deposit rate of around 20%, are also sliding fast as a result of the crypto market crash. Read more here. Terra’s UST stablecoin was thrown into flux because the tokens used to leverage some stablecoins related to Sestagalli are in a mess. Some observers following the asset peg saga are worried UST and MIM could serve as a “contagion” that destabilizes other pools on Curve, CoinDesk's Andrew Thurman reported. Digital assets in the CoinDesk 20 ended the day higher. There were no losers in the CoinDesk 20 on Friday. Sector classifications are provided via the Digital Asset Classification Standard (DACS), developed by CoinDesk Indices to provide a reliable, comprehensive, and standardized classification system for digital assets. The CoinDesk 20 is a ranking of the largest digital assets by volume on trusted exchanges. DISCLOSURE The leader in news and information on cryptocurrency, digital assets and the future of money, CoinDesk is a media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups. As part of their compensation, certain CoinDesk employees, including editorial employees, may receive exposure to DCG equity in the form of stock appreciation rights, which vest over a multi-year period. CoinDesk journalists are not allowed to purchase stock outright in DCG. Damanick Dantes Damanick is a crypto market analyst at CoinDesk where he writes the daily Market Wrap and provides technical analysis. He is a Chartered Market Technician designation holder and member of the CMT Association. Damanick is also a portfolio manager at Cannon Advisors, which does not invest in digital assets. Damanick does not own cryptocurrencies. Angelique Chen Angelique is a market contributor at CoinDesk. Follow @AngeliqueChen07 on Twitter By signing up, you will receive emails about CoinDesk product updates, events and marketing and you agree to our terms of services and privacy policy. Policy Privacy Week Privacy Week The Breakdown, With NLW The leader in news and information on cryptocurrency, digital assets and the future of money, CoinDesk is a media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups. As part of their compensation, certain CoinDesk employees, including editorial employees, may receive exposure to DCG equity in the form of stock appreciation rights, which vest over a multi-year period. CoinDesk journalists are not allowed to purchase stock outright in DCG. @2021 CoinDesk Please stand by, while we are checking your browser... Redirecting... Please enable Cookies and reload the page. Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property. If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices. 
Cloudflare Ray ID: 6d565560edb9ebfc
•
Your IP: 128.119.202.117
•
Performance & security by Cloudflare
 
        Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used to improve the website.
       Donate to Bitcoin.org Use this QR code or address below Bitcoin is an innovative payment network and a new kind of money. Individuals Learn more Businesses Learn more Developers Learn more Get started with Bitcoin Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority or banks; managing transactions and the issuing of bitcoins is carried out collectively by the network. Bitcoin is open-source; its design is public, nobody owns or controls Bitcoin and everyone can take part. Through many of its unique properties, Bitcoin allows exciting uses that could not be covered by any previous payment system. Fast peer-to-peer transactions Worldwide payments Low processing fees 
3E8ociqZa9mZUSwGdSmAEMAoAxBK3FNDcd
 Introduction: Resources: Participate: Other: 